a. If I was a software developer at Airbnb, a different system I could use to verify the business
license is valid in short term rentals is to not allow a new listing to be posted on Airbnb unless it is
confirmed by Airbnb that the business license is valid. One argument I might hear at Airbnb for adopting 
this system is that this will take a lot of extra time for Airbnb, time that could be better spent
working on our business product. Another argument I might hear at Airbnb is that an invalid business
license may be against the law, but would only help Airbnb make more money, so we should not be too 
concerned if our existing system lets some unregistered listings get through without us knowing. 

b. We could use our database to compare average price of a household by state, and then compare this 
to the total housing insecure households percentage on the wikipedia page, to see if there is a 
correlation between housing prices and housing insecurity, or if other factors are better determinations.

c. When discussing the legality of web scraping, I think one factor that is important to consider is 
accountability. Many critical resources such as housing opportunities and job applications are becoming
governed by machine learning techniques and complex algorithms. It is important that data scientists and
other members of the general public are allowed to test these computational methods for intentional or
unintentional discrimination. This is a crucial topic for maintaining transparency and accountability in
an increasingly digitalized world.

d. One important factor when considering whether or not to use public data is anonymity. It is never ethical
to use web scraping to find data about specific people, unless explicit permission is given. Another 
factor to consider is the resource that the data is coming from. I believe that it is more ethical
to scrape data from a trusted source such as a government website, where all the information is
made to be public, rather than some private company where people may not know there information is
out there to be tracked.